Website & Docs Cleanup (#3002)
microsoft/typespec: docs/extending-typespec/basics.md

Run the following command:

```bash

> npm install --save-peer /compiler

Reviewer: Doesn't seem intentional?

```

> Depending on your needs, you might need to install other dependencies from the TypeSpec standard library (for example, if you want to use the metadata found in `@typespec/openapi`, you'll need to install that as well).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to install other dependencies from the TypeSpec standard library. For example, if you want to use the metadata found in `@typespec/openapi`, you'll need to install that as well.
```

Open `./src/lib.ts` and create your library definition that registers your library with the TypeSpec compiler and defines any diagnostics your library will emit. Make sure to export the library definition as `$lib`.

:::warning

> If `$lib` is not accessible from your library package (for example, `import {$lib} from "my-library";`), some functionalities such as validation of emitter options and linter rules will not be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `$lib` is not accessible from your library package (for example, `import {$lib} from "my-library";`), some features such as linting and emitter option validation will not be available.
```

Define some of the test framework base pieces that will be used in the tests. There are 2 functions:

- `createTestHost`: This is a lower-level API that provides a virtual file system.
- `createTestRunner`: This is a wrapper on top of the test host that will automatically add a `main.tsp` file and automatically import libraries.

Create a new file `test/test-host.js` (change `test` to be your test folder)

```ts

> import { createTestHost, createTestWrapper } from "/compiler/testing";

Reviewer: Seems like a find/replace gone awry.
